Harry Potter has a Chamber of Secrets
and it seems so does the cat here are 10
things you may not have known about Emma
Watson Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint
Potter is a published poet or at least
the man who plays Harry is not under my
name there is some out there but it's
not necessarily my best anymore so kind
of a look back on the go ah Emma Watson
is forward when it comes to the fellas
in her life I was the one who asked out
my first boyfriend Harry holds
Dumbledore in high regard but off-screen
Daniel playfully disses after Michael
Gambon
I'm demand the most respected amid the
millions of fans both Emma and Daniel
had some haters at home I got a couple
of girls you've been a bit bitchy and a
bit weird yeah but generally everyone's
pretty nice it was not by any stretch of
the imagination was it in any way
traumatic wasn't even bullying it was
just the fact that I was not
particularly liked oh I didn't get on
with a lot of people and sometimes it
was to do with the hypotony that
souvenirs are so valuable the Stars
didn't get to load up on them even after
a decade's worth of work I've got the
other glasses two pairs of glasses one
small pair one large pair from the
Laster on one pair for the personal I'm
doing the first one I've got a piece of
the chess horse when it exploded so I've
got a piece of that we are aware that
you know props and costumes from from
the films probably will be valuable you
can't just walk off with one much ado
has been made over the smooches in the
saga and Emma admits her first onscreen
kiss was with Rupert
Harry hates Quidditch Daniel says the
sport was no fun to film Quidditch is
right up there with the least fun things
I've done on Harry Potter
certainly it's it's not a pleasant
experience it does hurt quite a lot but
it was that was the low point good you
can take everything else is being on
Rupert can rap he performed as part of
his audition for the first film it was a
long time ago
but I do think I'm doing it's a career
none of the principal stars ever hooked
up off-camera it would be a huge media
interest if one of the three of us were
hooking up unfortunately we don't have
that story for you growing up together
dad just like a sibling so nothing
between the three of us Daniel didn't
watch his own film for years I don't
watch him so no I haven't seen a
customer since he came out none of the
other side up and at a 2009 press
conference he admitted he hadn't seen
Twilight either though he had nothing
but nice things to say about co-star
Robert Pattinson I actually haven't seen
the film and what we should I know makes
me one of about three people in the
world the thing that's quite interesting
for me is that it's the only other
franchise really which comes close to
Potter in terms of the mania that
surrounds it the attention that the
leads get how global it is and you know
I know what we've robbed obviously on
Goblet of Fire and you know we've done
we really enjoyed working with each
other I think all very sorry enjoyed
working with him and he's doing pretty
good Harry Potter and the Deathly
Hallows Part 1 is in theaters now